so that you have the taste of summer at
reach of your hand all year
soprole chose the sweetest grapes and
juicy and those that played the new played of
a problem glass
opened all year
search for
now with lettuce let yourself be touched by
a silk blouse demands your scrape and wins
fancy silk fleece blouses
beautiful towels and hundreds of worth another
in the milk lettuce promotion participates
and already
It's what you like about Italy had
firewood firewood not the bicycle of italy
I put another reinforcement in case it reaches
miss dear
the spaghetti without caron mucus if it is the
always preferred because where there
darling is to mark or yes
for women like you ladies kristic with
Effective thermal effect formula
protection all day and at the most
Need the thermoactive effect acts
when the activity or attention
increases in the temperature of your body
giving you more dry protection
lady speed stick with effect formula
It motivated you dry protection protection
woman
I'm going to put
and of course
at school
share in my life I die
just like you aristide chickens
tonight in teletrece reopens the
controversy between carabineros and banks by
safety standards today was recorded a
new assault important meeting in the
currency between the president of the
republic and general pinochet it
they can separate the Siamese ones for the
bioethical considerations to decide
such intervention created the biggest block
the world's commercial today the
free trade agreement between states
united mexico and canada all this and much
more from 10 pm
immediately after the transmission
of colo colo olimpia from Paraguay in
teletrece
for the candle celebrates its 10 years of life
with a 103 percent discount
you make no mistake for the candle
celebrates its 103 years of life with 10%
discount on all your products
only until Sunday 11
have a candle used your card cmr
and live the life
Thursday morning exclusive discount
cmr falabella customer